---
layout: meetings
title: ShRUG, the big debate
categories: meetings
time: 7pm to 8.30pm
location: University of Sheffield Enterprise
location_addr: 210 Portobello, S1 4AE
location_link: https://maps.google.co.uk/maps?cid=3111695280195828660
---

Being a programmer is about more than just writing code. We spend a lot
of time working as a team, communicating our ideas and persuading people
that our solutions will give the best possible outcomes. There are
plenty of ways to hone your programming skills (dojos, katas etc.) but
honing the way you communicate as a developer is often overlooked.

To address this, this month we'll be holding ShRUG's first debate
meeting. We'll be looking for people to present on a topic of their
choice to the group in one of two styles: either try to convince the
group on a controversial topic or pair up with another member and debate
opposing sides of an issue. We'll also have some group debates, time
permitting. If you really want to get your brain going then maybe try
arguing an idea where you would normally believe the opposite.

There's no right or wrongs or winners or losers for this session, just a
chance to practice being persuasive, explore what good communication
means and hopefully share some knowledge in the process.

To get you all going, here are a few ideas that you could debate on the
night (don't forget, you could always argue the opposite!):

* MiniTest is better than RSpec
* You don't need to write tests if you're a good developer
* Ruby is the best language
* Rails is dead, long live front-end frameworks!
* DHH is a force for good
* Rails makes you a bad developer
* Actually, the old-style hash syntax is better than the new one...

As usual, this meet up relies on the contributions of our excellent
ShRUGgers, so let us know what you want to debate on.

Thanks to Luke Roberts for the idea for this session.

## Where

With the help of [epiGenesys](http://www.epigenesys.co.uk), we're at the
[Enterprise Zone](http://enterprise.shef.ac.uk/contact-us) this month.

Join our [Google+ event](https://plus.google.com/events/c3m6ma9or5u9golgoigm1sv2lv8) to let us know you're coming.

Someone will be around from 18.45 if you're around and we'll probably head out to the pub afterwards.
